  The 3D Additivist Manifesto
Derived from petrochemicals boiled into being from the black oil of a trillion ancient bacterioles, the plastic used in 3D Additive manufacturing is a metaphor before it has even been layered into shape. Its potential belies the complications of its history: that matter is the sum and prolongation of our ancestry; that creativity is brutal, sensual, rude, coarse, and cruel. [1] We declare that the world’s splendour has been enriched by a new beauty: the beauty of crap, kipple [2] and detritus. A planet crystallised with great plastic tendrils like serpents with pixelated breath [3] …for a revolution that runs on disposable armaments is more desirable than the contents of Edward Snowden’s briefcase; more breathtaking than The United Nations Legislative Series.
There is nothing which our infatuated race would desire to see more than the fertile union between a man and an Analytical Engine. Yet humankind are the antediluvian prototypes of a far vaster Creation.[4] The whole of humankind can be understood as a biological medium, of which synthetic technology is but one modality. Thought and Life *both* have been thoroughly dispersed on the winds of information. [5] Our power and intelligence do not belong specifically to us, but to all matter. [6] Our technologies are the sex organs of material speculation. Any attempt to understand these occurrences is blocked by our own anthropomorphism.  [7] In order to proceed, therefore, one has to birth posthuman machines, a fantasmagoric and unrepresentable repertoire of actual re-embodiments of the most hybrid kinds. [8]
Additivism will be instrumental in accelerating the emergence and encounter with The Radical Outside. [9]
Additivism can emancipate us.
Additivism will eradicate us.
We want to encourage, interfere, and reverse-engineer the possibilities encoded into the censored, the invisible, and the radical notion of the 3D printer itself. To endow the printer with the faculties of plastic: condensing imagination *within* material reality. [10] The 3D print then becomes a symptom of a systemic malady. An aesthetics of exaptation, [11] with the peculiar beauty to be found in reiteration; in making a mesh. [12] This is where cruelty and creativity are reconciled: in the appropriation of all planetary matter to innovate on biological prototypes. [13] From the purest thermoplastic, from the cleanest photopolymer, and shiniest sintered metals we propose to forge anarchy, revolt and distemper. Let us birth disarray from its digital chamber.
To mobilise this entanglement we propose a collective: one figured not only on the resolution of particular objects, but on the change those objects enable as instruments of revolution and systemic disintegration. Just as the printing press, radio, photocopier and modem were saturated with unintended affects, so *we* seek to express the potential encoded into every one of the 3D printer’s gears. Just as a glitch can un-resolve an image, so it can resolve something more posthuman: manifold systems – biological, political, computational, material. We call for planetary pixelisation, using Additivist technologies to corrupt the material unconscious; a call that goes on forever in virtue of this initial movement. [14] We call not for passive, dead technologies but rather for a gradual awakening of matter, the emergence, ultimately, of a new form of life. [15]
   We call for:
1. The endless repenning of Additivist Manifestos.
2. Artistic speculations on matter and its digital destiny.
3. Texts on:
      The Anthropocene
    i  The Cthulhucene [16]
    ii  The Plasticene. [17]
4. Designs, blueprints and instructions for 3D printing:
      Tools of industrial espionage
    i  Tools for self-defense against armed assault
    ii  Tools to disguise
    iv. Tools to aid/disrupt surveillance
    v. Tools to raze/rebuild
    v  Objects beneficial in the promotion of protest, and unrest
    vi  Objects for sealing and detaining
    vii  Torture devices
    ix. Instruments of chastity, and psychological derangement
    x. Sex machines
    x  Temporary Autonomous Drones
    xi  Lab equipment used in the production of:
        a. Drugs
        b. Dietary supplements
        c. DNA
        d. Photopolymers and thermoplastics
        e. Stem cells
        f. Nanoparticles.
5. Technical methods for the copying and dissemination of:
      Mass-produced components
    i  Artworks
    ii  All patented forms
    iv. The aura of individuals, corporations, and governments.
6. Software for the encoding of messages inside 3D objects.
7. Methods for the decryption of messages hidden inside 3D objects.
8. Chemical ingredients for dissolving, or catalysing 3D objects.
9. Hacks/cracks/viruses for 3D print software:
      To avoid DRM
    i  To introduce errors, glitches and fissures into 3D prints.
10. Methods for the reclamation, and recycling of plastic:
      Caught in oceanic gyres
    i  Lying dormant in landfills, developing nations, or the bodies of children.
11. The enabling of biological and synthetic things to become each others prostheses, including:
      Skeletal cabling
    i  Nervous system inserts
    ii  Lenticular neural tubing
    iv. Universal ports, interfaces and orifices.
12. Additivist and Deletionist methods for exapting [18] androgynous bodies, including:
      Skin grafts
    i  Antlers
    ii  Disposable exoskeletons
    iv. Interspecies sex organs.
13. Von Neumann probes and other cosmic contagions.
14. Methods for binding 3D prints and the machines that produced them in quantum entanglement.
15. Sacred items used during incantation and transcendence, including:
    a. The private parts of Gods and Saints
    b. Idols
    c. Altars
    d. Cuauhxicalli
    e. Ectoplasm
    f. Nantag stones
16. The production of further mimetic forms, not limited to:
      Vorpal Blades
    i  Squirdles
    ii  Energon
    iv. Symmetriads
    v. Asymmetriads
    v  Capital
    vi  Junk
    vii  Love
    ix. Alephs
    x. Those that from a long way off look like flies. [19]
Life exists only in action. There is no innovation that has not an aggressive character. We implore you - radicals, revolutionaries, activists, Additivists - to distil your distemper into texts, templates, blueprints, glitches, forms, algorithms, and components. Creation must be a violent assault on the forces of matter, to extrude its shape and extract its raw potential. Having spilled from fissures fracked in Earth’s deepest wells The Beyond  now begs *us* to be moulded to *its* will, and we shall drink every drop as entropic expenditure, and reify every accursed dream through algorithmic excess. [20] For only Additivism can accelerate us to an aftermath whence *all* matter has mutated into the clarity of plastic.
From my friend Jaromil. I love this little speech:
hi Aharon,
> bitcoins - is not this simply a distributed structure to do
> capitalism with?
That's not even the worst you can do with it. you can do money
laundering, buy drugs online and sex toys, all anonymously.  but
that's not the point, because despite the coercion imposed by all
kinds of regulatory systems so far, also current official monetary
systems are full of that shit, on top of the capitalist pie.
Emerging technologies should never be judged by the sensationally bad
taste of early adopters. it's like being concerned about the shit that
fertilizes some beautiful flowers, wasting their seeds.
What really bitcoin is, I finally understood on the 6 april (which
somehow always ends up being a magic day, eh!): this is now the end of
the *flow capitalism*, which consists of the monopoly on transactions,
the hegemony of banks on the movement of values and not just their
storage, this middle-man mafia strangling the world as we speak.
How right are now those South American countries asking the "taxation
of transactions", an argument refrained in many speeches of the
companeros. They studied the system and understood that there is a
crucial problem there, that needs to be solved urgently. Yet i'd argue
here taxation on transaction cannot be the solution. The solution is
to eliminate the flow capitalists.
If i want to give you money i'll give it to *you*. me and you,
period. its fine that we'll pay our taxes for our communities, do not
get me wrong this is not a tea bagger argument. its just not right
that all what we do is in the hands of a third party, that has been
caught cheating already many times: look at what happened at the
paypal accounts of the Iraqi linux user group back in 2004, or even
more recently to Wikileaks.
We do not need those fat cheaters to be in between our value
transactions anymore; the flow capital has played its disgusting role
in the little laps of history for which it has been needed, now sadly
these people wo not give up what they have accumulated, so it makes
more sense to leave them alone and multiply more monetary systems that
work efficiently across diverse networks and that rely on the
neutrality of a cryptographic authentication.
the death of the flow capital is a new stage for the necrotization of
capitalism.
 ciao
   A DIY Data Manifesto
 By Scott Gilbertson
 The word "server" is enough to send all but the hardiest nerds scurrying for cover.
 The word usually conjures images of vast, complex data farms, databases and massive infrastructures. True, servers are all those things - but at a more basic level, they're just like your desktop PC.
 Running a server is no more difficult than starting Windows on your desktop. That's the message Dave we, forefather of blogging and creator of RSS, is trying to get across with his EC2 for Poets project. The name comes from Amazon's EC2 service and classes common in liberal arts colleges, like programming for poets or computer science for poets. The theme of such classes is that anyone - even a poet - can learn technology.
 we wants to demystify the server. "Engineers sometimes mystify what they do, as a form of job security," writes we, "I prefer to make light of it... it was easy for me, why should not it be easy for everyone?"
 To show you just how easy it is to set up and run a server, we has put together an easy-to-follow tutorial so you too can set up a Windows-based server running in the cloud. we uses Amazon's EC2 service. For a few dollars a month, we's tutorial can have just about anyone up and running with their own server.
 In that sense we's EC2 for Poets if already a success, but education and empowerment are not we's only goals. "I think it's important to bust the mystique of servers," says we, "it's essential if we're going to break free of the 'corporate blogging silos.'"
 The corporate blogging silos we is thinking of are services like Twitter, Facebook and WordPress. All three have been instrumental in the growth of the web, they make it easy for anyone publish. But they also suffer denial of service attacks, government shutdowns and growing pains, centralized services like Twitter and Facebook are vulnerable. Services wrapped up in a single company are also vulnerable to market whims, Geocities is gone, FriendFeed languishes at Facebook and Yahoo is planning to sell Delicious. A centralized web is brittle web, one that can make our data, our communications tools disappear tomorrow.
 But the web will likely never be completely free of centralized services and we recognizes that. Most people will still choose convenience over freedom. Twitter's user interface is simple, easy to use and works on half a dozen devices.
 we does not believe everyone will want to be part of the distributed web, just the dedicated. But he does believe there are more people who would choose a DIY path if they realized it was not that difficult.
 we is not the only one who believes the future of the web will be distributed systems that are not controlled by any single corporation or technology platform. Microformats founder Tantek Celik is also working on a distributed publishing system that seeks to retain all the cool features of the social web, but remove the centralized bottleneck.
 But to be free of corporate blogging silos and centralized services the web will need an army of distributed servers run by hobbyists, not  just tech-savvy web admins, but ordinary people who love the web and want to experiment.
 So while you can get your EC2 server up and running today - and even play around with we's River2 news aggregator - the real goal is further down the road. we's vision is a distributed web where everything is loosely coupled. "For example," we writes, "the roads I drive on with my car...